[Tom] Hello, my name is Tom.
[Tom] I am 27 years old.
[Tom] I am from the USA.
[Tom] I live in a big city.
[Tom] I work in an office.
[Maria] Hi, Tom.
[Maria] My name is Maria.
[Maria] I am 24 years old.
[Maria] I am from Spain.
[Maria] I live in a flat with my sister.
[Maria] I work in a shop.
[Ali] Hello, my name is Ali.
[Ali] I am 29 years old.
[Ali] I am from Turkey.
[Ali] I live in a small house.
[Ali] I am a driver.
[Tom] Maria, do you like your city?
[Maria] Yes, I do.
[Maria] My city is small, but nice.
[Maria] There are parks and shops.
[Maria] Tom, do you like your city?
[Tom] Yes, I do.
[Tom] My city is big and busy.
[Tom] There are many cars and people.
[Ali] My city is not big.
[Ali] It is quiet.
[Ali] I like it.
[Maria] Ali, do you live with your family?
[Ali] Yes, I do.
[Ali] I live with my mother and father.
[Ali] And you, Maria?
[Maria] I live with my sister.
[Maria] We like to talk and watch TV.
[Tom] I live alone.
[Tom] I do not have a big family.
[Ali] Tom, what do you do every day?
[Tom] I get up at eight o'clock.
[Tom] I have breakfast.
[Tom] I go to work.
[Tom] I work on my computer.
[Tom] I come home at six o'clock.
[Maria] I get up at seven o'clock.
[Maria] I go to work.
[Maria] I help people in the shop.
[Maria] I come home at five o'clock.
[Ali] I get up at six o'clock.
[Ali] I drive a car all day.
[Ali] I come home and have dinner.
[Tom] What do you do in the evening?
[Maria] In the evening, I cook and talk with my sister.
[Maria] I sometimes watch TV.
[Ali] I watch TV or rest.
[Ali] I am very tired.
[Tom] I read books or watch films.
[Maria] Tom, do you like your job?
[Tom] Yes, I do.
[Tom] I like my job.
[Tom] It is interesting.
[Tom] And you?
[Maria] Yes, I like my job too.
[Maria] I like people.
[Ali] I like my job, but it is hard.
[Tom] What do you like to do in your free time?
[Maria] I like music and films.
[Maria] I also like walking.
[Ali] I like walking and talking with friends.
[Tom] I like sports and books.
[Tom] I play football.
[Maria] What food do you like?
[Ali] I like rice and meat.
[Ali] I also like soup.
[Ali] I drink water.
[Tom] I like pasta and chicken.
[Tom] I drink coffee.
[Maria] I like salad, bread, and fruit.
[Maria] I drink tea.
[Ali] Do you like coffee, Maria?
[Maria] No, I do not.
[Maria] I like tea.
[Tom] I like coffee very much.
[Maria] Nice to meet you.
[Ali] Nice to meet you.
[Tom] Nice to meet you.